# Plant attack
#### Video Demo:  <URL HERE>
#### Description: Plant attack is a video game created in GameMaker that is set to reproduce the "8-bit" arcade style games 
 that were created in the '90s. The purpose of this game is to hit plants with your robot and avoid getting hit by the 
 attrocious green bushes. I chose some minimalist sprites in order to create the effect of an old arcade game. I am passionate about how old games were made and I have a particular interest in arcade games. 
 Firstly I have created 7 sprites: 2 types of bullets (one regular single bullet and one type of three bullets at the same time), one player, a weapon changer, one bush which is the enemy of the object, and two transitions between the enemy being healthy and then dead. Following this step I started the proper coding beginning with the player. I have coded the player to move according to the arrows on the keyboard and to rotate the target (in fact the image representing the player) via mouse cursor. Secondly I have created the bullets. I have setted them to leave from the direction of the player image and a certain range. I've set the speed to 16. I have also implemented to get them destroyed after they leave the screen. The third step was to add the enemies. I have programed them to have a number of hitpoints, and the bullets to reduce the hitpoints on collision. The second type of bullets were coded to replace the old ones for few seconds only after the player collided with the weapon changer.
 I have also created an artificial spawner, because in the coding reality that wasn't an actual spawner. The only thing that it does is to time the seconds before the actual enemy sprites were spawned.

